.TH REQS 1 "2026-03-26" "reqs 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
reqs \- blazing-fast HTTP/HTTPS benchmarking tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B reqs
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fIURL\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBreqs\fR is a high-performance HTTP/HTTPS load testing tool written in Rust. It uses raw TCP for minimal overhead, pre-built request bytes, and zero-copy body draining.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-c ", \-\-connections " <CONNECTIONS>
Number of concurrent connections (default: 10).
.TP
.BI \-d ", \-\-duration " <DURATION>
Test duration (e.g. 10s, 1m30s). Conflicts with -n.
.TP
.BI \-n ", \-\-requests " <REQUESTS>
Total requests to send. Conflicts with -d.
.TP
.BI \-t ", \-\-threads " <THREADS>
OS worker threads (default: CPU count).
.TP
.BI \-\-timeout " <TIMEOUT>
Request timeout in seconds (default: 30).
.TP
.BI \-H ", \-\-header " <HEADER>
Request header, repeatable (e.g. -H "Accept: application/json").
.TP
.BI \-X ", \-\-method " <METHOD>
HTTP method (default: GET).
.TP
.BI \-s ", \-\-status\-codes"
Show HTTP status code breakdown in results.
.TP
.BI \-\-percentiles " <PERCENTILES>
Latency percentiles to display (comma-separated, default: 50,75,90,95,99,99.9).
.TP
.BI \-\-no\-keepalive"
Disable keep-alive (reconnect after each request).
.TP
.BI \-p ", \-\-pipeline " <PIPELINE>
HTTP/1.1 pipeline depth — requests in-flight per connection (default: 1).
.TP
.BI \-\-insecure"
Skip TLS certificate verification (self-signed / internal CAs).
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B reqs -c 100 -d 30s https://example.com
Benchmarking with 100 connections for 30 seconds.
.TP
.B reqs -c 50 -n 10000 -t 4 http://localhost:8080
Benchmarking with 10000 requests using 4 threads.
.TP
.B reqs -c 10 -d 10s -p 16 http://localhost:8080
Benchmarking with HTTP/1.1 pipelining (depth 16).
.SH AUTHOR
Initial version by c0m4r.
